welcome everybody welcome to the third
and final review of the new transformers
prime beast hunters cyberverse reviews
this one is for predacon twin strike so
twin strike wasn't really what i was
looking to pick up in fact the only one
of the initial series i didn't pick up
was was bumblebee and that's only
because I i wound up with actually two
of the cyberverse Prime bumblebees and
I'll wait and if I can get him for like
two dollars or something down the line
I'll pick it up but I was actually
pretty pleasantly surprised by this guy
I didn't really want him I mean he's got
beast heads for hands and he's got a big
hammer and overall I just wasn't super
impressed and then I opened him and then
I transformed him and I'm I like him
quite a bit quite a bit it's actually
really nice when you line him up with
Predaking and laser back you get a nice
little effect okay so in terms of leg
movement leg moves up and down he has a
ball jointed foot arms move up and down
on a ball-joint head is fixed in place
there was no knee joint nothing like
that so pose abilities a little bit
limited in the lack of joints for elbows
or knees but overall really really
simple effective nice figure so let's
transform him okay so the first thing
you do is you're going to pump his chest
forward blow it and then just switch his
head down in there oops there goes the
hammer close the chest back up bring one
beast head all the way up bring two
beasts heads all the way up and then the
Beast legs they don't really store very
well they don't really hide very well
there's no joint here even though it
looks like there would be and there's no
joint in the foot like this is all just
one solid piece like itself is on a
ball-joint but none of these pieces move
so you wrote this rotate this all the
way up and there's no real clear peg for
it but the plastic does kind of contour
around the sides of his arms so that's
pretty much the best you're going to get
my favorite part though are the legs
because here you've got very straight
forward legs but what you're going to
get our very cool Predacon beast legs so
you pull these pieces all the way out
and they rotate them up and then push
them in and then you rotate the foot
around and bring it forward and you've
got like hardcore beast leg which is
really cool to go from like normal foot
to beast leg I mean not even kick back
manage that very well the fall of
Cybertron great robot mode terrible and
cyclone again pull that out rotate it up
push it in turn the foot around and then
last way you've got these two tail piece
things it's one piece of plastic and all
that way forward and there is clip that
in and there is twin strike in his beast
mode now his heads don't come up very
high the back you're kind of prevents it
from going any higher so he kind of
looks more like he's sniffing out prey
hunched over then you can really get
them you can't really get them any
higher but because they're on different
joints you know you can have them
looking at multiple directions which is
pretty cool and of itself so one is own
i mean like he goes from a fairly
reasonable rowbottom to a pretty cool
beast mode which i really like his
weapon you can store it he's got a he's
got a slot in his butt so he can have a
giant hammer but which looks a little
bit strange
you can lay it on its side but again you
don't get much clearance the best way
I've found is pretty much just to go
this way and then you know you can call
it a gun you can call whatever you want
and get a little bit of an effect there
well yeah I mean not bad overall for for
what you get okay and then back to robot
mode again bring his tail back up
straighten them up turn the claw feet
around pull out the side pieces will
take them down and they become shin
guards so to hide that leg pull it out
rotate it down and you've got shin
guards this piece can just come all the
way up and back and just kind of tuck
them in then one giant dragon head
another giant dragon head lower the
chest push on the tab get the head out
and there is twin strike back and robot
mode so pretty good pretty good
comparison time we've got one will be in
a giant mech suit I mean after all how
else are you going to fight these guys
if they're supposed to be as tough as
they are without a giant mech suit
taking bumblebee out put them side by
side yeah they're about the same height
here he is next to smoke screen areas
next to house wave made arachnid so it's
nice because you can tell she's a little
bit female he's likely male and then we
can bring in Megatron to show off some
dominant poses there now
well I've got twin strikeout I may as
well grab the other two Predacons so you
can see the team of them put together
excuse me bumblebee
and there you have the group of them
together so whatever their respective
heights are on the show I don't know if
twin strike will be in the show to be
honest I don't even know of laser bags
in the show the only one we know for
sure is Predaking but between the
respective heights you've got kind of a
cool little Predacon crew and arachnid
thrown in because well let's face it
she's a bit of a predator herself anyway
thank you for watching this has been the
review of the transformers prime beast
hunters cyberverse twin strike thanks
for watching